Last Update:  Jan 17, 2020

Requesting Class Accounts for Weber 205

**

If you need a class account for Weber 205, please mail me with
the following info:

1) class name (e.g. st204 or m161)

2) the sections you want accounts for; each section has its
own username and password.  If there is only one section,
skip this step.

3) if you need a class directory to put things in

(A class directory is for instructors to drop files into so that
students can access them.  Instructors have full access to the
directory when they log in as themselves, but students have only
read-only access via the class account.  If you request a class
directory, please examine the directory to make sure there isn't
anything from past semesters you don't want the students to see.)

For large sections, the coordinator usually mails me and then s/he
distributes the passwords to the instructors for each individual
section.

Class accounts are disabled on the Friday of Finals Week at noon.
If your class account needs to be active past this date, please
mail me far in advance so that I do not turn it off.  The EOL for
any extension is the Tuesday after Finals Week at noon (when grades
are due).  Accounts will be turned off immediately in the case of
hacking, a security problem or the like.  To date, I have not had to
do this to any class account for these reasons.

**

Notes (there are 12):

1) The FAQ is here:  
  
https://www.stat.colostate.edu/~zube/lab.html

2) I will distribute the passwords to you in person.

3) The best way to distribute the password to your students is to
write it on the board, wait a short time and then erase it.  Do not
leave passwords on the board nor distribute passwords via email.

2) If at all possible, please test the passwords before you give them
out to your students.

3) Please tell your students:

a) to log off when they are done using the computers

b) to not to give the class password to anyone and to not be careless
with it.  If I find a password written down somewhere in public (on a
whiteboard, on a piece of paper I find in the lab, etc.), I'll have
no choice but to change the password.  I do this about five times a
semester and is a grand bother for all involved.

c) that the lab closes promptly at 4:45pm or so on Fridays (mod a
small bit of overrun time for any Friday 4pm class).  It also closes
at 4:45pm during the first week and finals week.  This is during
the semester.  During the summer, the lab isn't usually open but
it will be opened as needed.

4) If you decide to put things in the class directory for your
students to use, please *copy* the files.  Do not *move* the files
or your students will probably be unable to access them.

5) If you are placing files in your class directory (g:\somedir), you
should tell your students to copy whatever they need from g:\somedir
to the local machine, such as under c:\temp\whatever or somewhere on
the desktop.

6) First logins on the machines are slow.  Please tell your students
to be patient.

7) Please do not make assignments due at 5pm on any day the lab closes
at 4:45pm if your students will be using the lab for the assignment.
This means any Friday and any day during the first week and Finals
week.  Closing the lab is one of my least happy tasks; students do not
respond to gentle entreaties or 15-minute warnings, only, apparently,
to threats.  The entire unpleasantness can be avoided by making such
assignments due at 4pm or 4:30pm.

8) Office 2016 is in the lab.  If you find that old files are
unable to be read, it is because of the new restrictions Office 
places on opening files.  Here are two things that might help.

First, in whatever program you are working on (Word, Excel, etc.), 
follow this twisty little path:

Open Other {Whatever} -> Options -> File -> Trust Center -> Trust
Center Settings.

Next, choose Trusted Locations and check the box for "Allow Trusted
Locations on My Network". This should do the trick for network files,
but sometimes it doesn't. When it doesn't, follow the bit below.

You can also choose Protected View from under Trust Center Settings
and it will show that it's trying to open files as read-only (that's
Protected View) for internet-downloaded files, for files in unsafe
places and for outlook attachments. Uncheck whatever is applicable
to your particular problem.

Alas, you have to do this sequence for each application, so once for
Word, once for Excel, etc. Sigh.

9) If you wish to use the projector with a laptop and it has an HDMI
port, please use the green HDMI cable.  If you have only a VGA port,
unscrew the VGA cable from the wall and use the short VGA cable that
lives on the podium.  Please reconnect the podium VGA cable when you
are done.

10) There are printed instructions on the podium if the projector
does not display what is on the computer screen.  If you flip the
instructions over, you'll see the instructions for how to make
the projector image larger.

11) There is an automatic logout after 30 minutes of inactivity time
that actually seems to work some of the time.

12) When logging into the machine, there is no DOMAIN box.  By default,
the machines log into the MATHSTAT4 domain.  If you need to log
into the STAT4 or MATH4 domain, your must use STAT4\username or
MATH4\username for the username.

If you have any questions, please email Zube@stat.colostate.edu.
